Found Audio: An Intro
Published on July 06, 2009.
While rummaging through my old room, I found an old cassette voice recorder thing.
Sort of like the thing that the kid in Home Alone uses to make a hotel reservation.
Except it was for actual voice recording.
I used it a bit in high school for various purposes.
The tape that was left in the recorder was recorded somewhere between my sophomore and senior years in high school.
I’d probably say it was later, either junior or senior year.
The stuff on the tape is a pretty eclectic mix (I haven’t listened to everything yet) of music and recorded conversations.
I’m thinking of recording bits and pieces and maybe making it into a mini-podcast series.
It’ll be pretty esoteric; I have a feeling no one but me and a few of my high school friends will actually find it interesting.
But so is a lot of the content on my blog anyway!
Once I get home I’ll start digitizing and organizing the stuff on the tape.
I wish I could find the many other tapes of stuff.
They’re probably sitting in my room somewhere…